Add Binary64 option for account data (#11474)
solana-labs/solana: docs/src/apps/jsonrpc-api.md

- `<string>` - Pubkey of account to query, as base-58 encoded string
- `<object>` - (optional) Configuration object containing the following optional fields:
  - (optional) [Commitment](jsonrpc-api.md#configuring-state-commitment)

>   - (optional) `encoding: <string>` - encoding for Account data, either "binary", "binary64", or jsonParsed". If parameter not provided, the default encoding is "binary". "binary" is bs58 encoded and limited to data queries of less than 128 bytes. Binary64 will return base64 encoded data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - (optional) `encoding: <string>` - encoding for Account data, either "binary", "binary64", or jsonParsed". If parameter not provided, the default encoding is "binary". "binary" is bs58 encoded and limited to Account data of less than 128 bytes. "binary64" will return base64 encoded data for Account data of any size.
```

Author: I took the suggestion.

>   - (optional) `encoding: <string>` - encoding for Account data, either "binary", "binary64", or jsonParsed". If parameter not provided, the default encoding is "binary". "binary" is bs58 encoded and limited to Account data of less than 128 bytes. "binary64" will return base64 encoded data for Account data of any size.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - (optional) `encoding: <string>` - encoding for Account data, either "binary", "binary64", or jsonParsed". If parameter not provided, the default encoding is "binary". "binary" is base-58 encoded and limited to Account data of less than 128 bytes. "binary64" will return base64 encoded data for Account data of any size.
```

Author: changed
